Email alerts guide rewrite (#77)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/04_customize-airflow/04_airflow-alerts.md

---

> title: "Monitor Airflow Deployments with Alerts"

Author: I'm a big fan of action-oriented titles, so I like keeping Monitor on there. Also, if this title is in the navigation pane on the left, it might be a little redundant to see "on Astronomer" in the Astronomer docs. Come to think of it, I think we should also be explicit about "emails" on here too, since that's what people might be looking for as we enact our opt-out plans.

What about simply, "Monitor Airflow with Email Alerts"?

With Astronomer, you can integrate an SMTP service to automatically handle the delivery of these emails. When an Airflow email alert is triggered, the SMTP service automatically sends an email from the address of your choice.

The following topics contain setup steps for two free and popular SMTP services:

* [Integrate SendGrid with Astronomer](#integrate-sendgrid-with-astronomer)
* [Integrate Amazon's Simple Email Service (SES) with Astronomer](#integrate-amazon-ses-with-astronomer)

By default, email alerts for process failures are sent whenever individual tasks fail. To receive only one email per DAG failure, refer to the [Limit Alerts to the DAG Level](#limit-alerts-to-the-dag-level) topic.

### Integrate SendGrid with Astronomer
SendGrid grants users 40,000 free emails within the first 30 days of an account opening and 100 emails per day after that at no cost. This should be more than enough to cover alerts when a task fails or retries, though you may want to consider upgrading your account if you're running Airflow at a significant scale.

To get started with SendGrid:

> #### 1. [Create a New Account](https://signup.sendgrid.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. [Create a SendGrid Account](https://signup.sendgrid.com)
```

When creating an account, be prepared to disclose some standard information about yourself and your organization.

#### 2. [Verify a Single Sender Identity](https://sendgrid.com/docs/ui/sending-email/sender-verification/)

Because you're sending emails only for internal administrative purposes, a single sender identity is sufficient for integrating with Astronomer. The email address you verify here is used as the sender for your Airflow alert emails.

#### 3. Create a Key Using SendGrid's Web API.

> a) In SendGrid, go to Email API > Integration Guide. Follow the steps to generate a new API key using SendGrid's Web API and cURL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) In SendGrid, go to **Email API** > **Integration Guide**. Follow the steps to generate a new API key using SendGrid's Web API and cURL.
```

b) Skip the step for exporting your API Key to your development environment. Instead, execute the generated curl code directly in your command line, making sure to replace `$SENDGRID_API_KEY` in the `--header` field with your copied key.

c) Verify your integration in SendGrid to confirm that the key was activated. If you get an error indicating that SendGrid can't find the test email, try rerunning the cURL code in your terminal before retrying the verification.

> #### 4. Add SendGrid Credentials to your Astronomer Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 4. Add SendGrid Credentials to your Airflow Deployment
```

Weirdly enough, we say `Airflow Deployment` - if you have to specify, I'd say `Airflow Deployment on Astronomer` or `Local Airflow Deployment`

> In your Astronomer Deployment on Astronomer's UI, go to the **Variables** tab for your deployment and add the following Environment Variable using the **+Add** button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, navigate to your Airflow Deployment in the Astronomer UI. In the **Variables** tab, add the following Environment Variables using the **+Add** button:
```

```
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_HOST=smtp.sendgrid.net
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_STARTTLS=True
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_SSL=False
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_USER=apikey

> AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PASSWORD={Your SendGrid API Key from step 3}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PASSWORD={YOUR_SMTP_PASSWORD}
```

AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PORT=587

> AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_MAIL_FROM={Your SendGrid email sender from step 2}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_MAIL_FROM={email@astronomer.io}

The SendGrid API Key from Step 3 will be your `SMTP_PASSWORD` above and your SendGrid Email Sender from Step 2 should be set as your 'SMTP_MAIL_FROM`.
```

```

When you're done, the Astronomer UI should look something like this:

![Astronomer Deployment Email Settings](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/emails/astro_env_variables.png)

> To prevent unauthorized users in your Workspace from seeing sensitive information, we recommend selecting the **Secret?** checkbox for your email and password profile variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you'd like to hide your SMTP password and/or email address from being visible to other Workspace users in plain-text, we recommend marking these Environment Variables as secret by checking the **Secret?** check-box on the right when you first set them. Once an Environment Variable is saved as a secret, it will no longer be visible in plain-text to any user in your Workspace. For more details, refer to ["Environment Variables on Astronomer"](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/environment-variables/).
```

Reviewer: Thoughts on this as a "note"? I do like ^this language, but can go either way on the note versus not!

#### 1. Verify Email Addresses

Go to: **AWS Console** > **Simple Email Service** > **Email Addresses** to add and verify the email addresses you want to receive alerts to.

From here, open the inbox of each email address you specified and verify them through the emails sent by Amazon.

#### 2. Create SMTP Credentials

In the AWS Console, go to **Simple Email Service** > **SMTP Settings** and use the **Create My SMTP Credentials** button to generate a username and password. This will look similar to an access and secret access key. Write down this username and password for later, as well as the Server Name and Port.

> **Note:** You won't be able to access these values again, so consider storing them in a password manager.

#### 3. Choose an Amazon EC2 region

Refer to [Amazon's list of available regions and servers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regions) to determine which server best fits your needs. Write down the code of the server you chose for the next step.

#### 4. Add SES Credentials to your Astronomer Deployment

> In your Astronomer Deployment on Astronomer's UI, go to the **Variables** tab for your deployment and add the following Environment Variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, navigate to your Airflow Deployment in the Astronomer UI. In the **Variables** tab, add the following Environment Variables using the **+Add** button:
```

```
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_HOST={Your SMTP host}
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PORT=587
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_STARTTLS=True
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_SSL=False
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_USER={Your username from step 2}
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PASSWORD={Your password from step 2}
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_MAIL_FROM={Your verified email address from step 1}
```
When you're done, the Astronomer UI should look something like this:

![Astronomer Deployment Email Settings](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/emails/astro_env_variables.png)

> To prevent unauthorized users in your Workspace from seeing sensitive information, we recommend selecting the **Secret?** checkbox for your email and password profile variables.

Reviewer: Apply change I suggested on secret Env Vars here too!

Lastly, click **Deploy Changes** to push your configuration to your Airflow Deployment.

> ## Limit Alerts to the DAG Level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limit Alerts to the Airflow DAG Level
```

Author: We should have a bigger (style guide) discussion about when to specify something like this vs. when to trust that the reader knows what we're talking about. Given that Airflow is in the title here, I don't think it's totally necessary to have it in this title but I'm also not fussed either way.

> By default, email alerts configured via the `email_on_failure` param ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/models/baseoperator.py)) are handled at the task level. If a handful of your tasks fail for related reasons, you'll receive an individual email for each of those failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, email alerts configured via the `email_on_failure` param ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/models/baseoperator.py)) are handled at the task level. If some number of your tasks fail, you'll receive an individual email for each of those failures.
```

If you want to limit failure alerts to the DAG run level, you can instead set up your alerts using the `on_failure_callback` param ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/v1-10-stable/airflow/models/dag.py#L167)). When you pass `on_failure_callback` directly in your DAG file, it defines a Python function that sends you one email per DAG failure, rather than multiple emails for each task that fails:

```
 :param on_failure_callback: A function to be called when a DagRun of this dag fails.
 ```

The code in your DAG might look something like this ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/v1-10-stable/airflow/utils/email.py#L41)):

 ```
      from airflow.models.email import send_email
      def new_email_alert(self, **kwargs):
      title = "TEST MESSAGE: THIS IS A MODIFIED TEST"    
      body = ("This is the text "
      "That appears in the email body..<br>")      
      send_email('my_email@email.com', title, body)
  ```
## Subscribe to Deployment Alerts on Astronomer

> In Astronomer's UI, you can subscribe to deployment-level email alerts in the Settings page for a deployment. These alerts tell you how a deployment is performing. For instance, it might tell you whether the scheduler is healthy, or whether tasks are failing at an abnormal rate. Unlike task-level alerts, deployment-level alerts can be sent without an SMTP service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Astronomer UI, you can subscribe to deployment-level email alerts in the **Settings** tab of your Airflow Deployment. Our platform monitors the health of your Airflow Deployment and triggers an alert if any of Airflow's core components are underperforming or if you've initiated a faulty action. For instance, you may receive an alert if your Airflow Scheduler is unhealthy, if tasks are failing at an abnormal rate, or if you've attempted to upgrade to a version of Airflow that does not match the corresponding Docker image in your Dockerfile. Unlike task-level alerts, deployment-level alerts are sent by Astronomer and do not require a separate SMTP configuration.
```

![Astronomer Deployment Email Settings](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/emails/astro_deployment_email.png)

### List of All Astronomer Airflow Deployment Alerts

| Alert | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `AirflowDeploymentUnhealthy` | Airflow deployment is unhealthy or not completely available. |
| `AirflowFailureRate` | Airflow tasks are failing at a higher rate than normal. |
| `AirflowSchedulerUnhealthy` | Airflow scheduler is unhealthy: heartbeat has dropped below the acceptable rate. |
| `AirflowPodQuota` | Deployment is near its pod quota: it's been using over 95% of it's pod quota for over 10 minutes. |
| `AirflowCPUQuota` | Deployment is near its CPU quota: it's been using over 95% of it's CPU quota for over 10 minutes. |
| `AirflowMemoryQuota` | Deployment is near its memory quota: it's been using over 95% of it's memory quota for over 10 minutes. |

### Anatomy of a Deployment Alert

> This alert fires when the scheduler is not heartbeating every 5 seconds for more than 3 minutes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert fires when the Airflow Scheduler is not heart beating every 5 seconds, for more than 3 minutes:
```

---
title: "Monitor Airflow Deployments with Alerts"
navTitle: "Airflow Alerts"
description: "How to configure different types of Airflow alerts on Astronomer to monitor the status of your deployments and tasks."
---

> # Monitor Airflow Deployments with Alerts

Author: I added an Overview header just below this. I saw on some other docs that you have the h1 title for the page followed by a brief Overview section, so I think it makes sense to replicate that structure here.

> # Monitor Airflow Deployments with Alerts

Reviewer: @jwitz I think we don't do H1s in many places - I'd honestly just scrap this header. I'm feeling like the title tells the user what this whole thing is about and the overview walks through the two biggest topics it covers.
WDYT?

Airflow alerts help you quickly and accurately diagnose issues with your deployments. Astronomer offers two solutions for triggering alerts when something happens in your system:

> * [DAG and Task-level alerts](#configure-a-simple-mail-transfer-protocol-service-for-task-alerts) use a Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) service to alert you via email when something you specify happens in a task or DAG.

Author: Did this, but with an Oxford Comma ;)

* [Deployment-level alerts](#subscribe-to-deployment-alerts) give you information about how an entire deployment is performing. You can specify an email address to receive these alerts directly in Astronomer UI.

> ## Configure a Simple Mail Transfer Protocol Service for Task Alerts

Author: In another commit, I changed the title to 'Subscribe to Task-Level Alerts'. Definitely easier to understand and more consistent with the Deployment-level language.

> **Prerequisite**: To perform this setup, you need to have built error notifications as described in the [Error Notifications in Airflow](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/error-notifications-in-airflow/) topic.

Author: I'm hesitant to have identical information to the guide we're linking out to. I agree, though, that this isn't much of a prereq, so I moved it into the overview itself.

You can configure Airflow to send alerts via email whenever a task fails, retries, succeeds, or experiences any other event you want to know about through the [email util](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/utils/email.py).  

With Astronomer, you can integrate an SMTP service to automatically handle the delivery of these emails. When an Airflow email alert is triggered, the SMTP service automatically sends an email from the address of your choice.

> The following topics contain setup steps for two free and popular SMTP services:

Author: I think we could go h1=guide, h2+ = topic. I like topic because it can be used to describe anything from setup steps to considerations, ie. it's content-agnostic. Whatever we decide on, I agree - let's keep it standard so people know what they expect when clicking on one of these links.

> The following topics contain setup steps for two free and popular SMTP services:

Author: Spoke with Paola over Zoom: I'll refer to any linkable heading as 'topics' going forward.

* [Integrate SendGrid with Astronomer](#integrate-sendgrid-with-astronomer)
* [Integrate Amazon's Simple Email Service (SES) with Astronomer](#integrate-amazon-ses-with-astronomer)

By default, email alerts for process failures are sent whenever individual tasks fail. To receive only one email per DAG failure, refer to the [Limit Alerts to the DAG Level](#limit-alerts-to-the-dag-level) topic.

### Integrate SendGrid with Astronomer
SendGrid gives you 40,000 free emails for the first 30 days of your account, then 100 emails/day for free after that. We expect this to be more than enough emails for alerting you when a task fails or retries.

To get started with SendGrid:

#### 1. [Create a New Account](https://signup.sendgrid.com)

When creating an account, be prepared to disclose some standard information about yourself and your organization.

#### 2. [Verify a Single Sender Identity](https://sendgrid.com/docs/ui/sending-email/sender-verification/)

> Because you’re only sending emails for internal administrative purposes, a single sender identity is sufficient for integrating with Astronomer. The email address you verify here is used as the sender for your Airflow alert emails.

Reviewer 2: Can we please try to enforce normal single quotes `'` instead of nonstandard quotes like `’`. If these whatever-else-they-are quotes end up in code snippets they could cause problems.

Author: Purged all of these quotations in a separate commit. I'll keep an eye out for any more of these as I'm continuing to edit our docs.

#### 4. Add SendGrid Credentials to your Astronomer Deployment

> In your Astronomer deployment, go to `Deployments` > `Configure` > `Env Vars` and add the following variables:

Author: Sounds good! Making notes on this for the style guide 👍

```
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_HOST=smtp.sendgrid.net
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_STARTTLS=True
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_SSL=False
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_USER=apikey

> AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PASSWORD={Your SendGrid API Key from step 3}

Reviewer 2: There is no step 3. This step also talks about an "API key from step 3", but that step seems to be missing.
https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/b9233eda591ce99b6631e1b6786140ef93059e17/cloud/stable/04_customize-airflow/04_airflow-alerts.md

Author: Whoops, step 3 is copied in now. Let me know what you think of my nested step formatting - Markdown isn't great with nested steps, and I could use HTML to make those appear nicely on the website.

AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_PORT=587
AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_MAIL_FROM={Your SendGrid email sender from step 2}
```

> Click `Update` to save the configuration and redeploy to propagate to your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **+ Add ** to save your Environment Variables and **Deploy Changes** to push them to your Airflow Deployment. 
```

Maybe add screenshot of the Env Var view? 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/99734805-6fd84100-2a91-11eb-9341-9b75b31e4612.png)

Reviewer: I'd actually add a note in here as well that you can make these Env Vars secret! Especially since one of them is an SMTP password that a Deployment Admin may not want others to see. This is a relatively new feature, but we actually added it largely because users complained about having these SMTP creds in plain-text.

More info about making Env Vars secret here: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/environment-variables/

Author: Added screenshots and Secret? info for both SMTP setups.

### Integrate Amazon SES with Astronomer

> **Prerequisite**: This setup requires an AWS account and use of the [AWS Management Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/).

Reviewer: We should standardize how we present "Prerequisites" - I think other docs usually have it in some header and then a bullet point list - what do you think?

Author: I'm not a huge fan of one-bullet lists, but I can see putting it as a header since it's similar in scope to the build steps we have, which are also in headers.

Author: Updated to an h4 heading!

#### 1. Verify Email Addresses

> Go to: `AWS Console` > `Simple Email Service` > `Email Addresses` and add the email addresses you want to deliver mail to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to: **AWS Console** > **Simple Email Service** > **Email Addresses** to add and verify the email addresses you want to receive alerts to.
```

> From here, open the account each email address you specified and verify them through the email sent by Amazon.

Reviewer: Hm awk sounding sentence here - what are we asking the user to do?

Author: Forgot the word for inbox here -___- clarified in another commit.

#### 2. Create SMTP Credentials

> In the AWS Console, go to `Simple Email Service` > `SMTP Settings` and use the `Create My SMTP Credentials` button to generate a username and password. This will look similar to an access and secret access key. Write down this username and password for later, as well as the Server Name and Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the AWS Console, go to **Simple Email Service** > **SMTP Settings** and use the **Create My SMTP Credentials** button to generate a username and password. This will look similar to an access and secret access key. Write down this username and password for later, as well as the Server Name and Port.
```

> **Note:** You won't be able to access these values again, so consider storing them in a password manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You won't be able to access these values again, so consider storing them in a password manager.
```

Reviewer: ^ For "Notes", we've mostly standardized to almost always be in this format:

```
> **Note:**
```

#### 3. Choose an Amazon EC2 region

Refer to [Amazon’s list of available regions and servers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-regions) to determine which server best fits your needs. Write down the code of the server you chose for the next step.

#### 4. Add SES Credentials to your Astronomer Deployment

In your Astronomer Deployment on Astronomer's UI, go to `Deployments` > `Configure` > `Env Vars` and add the following Environment Variables:

```

> AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_HOST={The address of AWS server you chose in step 3. For instance, in US-EAST-1 this would be email-smtp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com}

Reviewer: Hm this is a bit too long - I'd say keep these brackets simple and if we need to explain more things, add 'em to the bottom. Here, let's help the user on the expected syntax and length of the "SMTP Host".

So, `{my.smtp.host}` - I think an actual example would be {smtp.sendgrid.net}

Author: I'd like to keep any user-provided content consistent with how we format it for things like their username and password, so I went with {Your SMTP host}.

AIRFLOW__SMTP__SMTP_MAIL_FROM={Your verified email address from step 1}
```

## Limit Alerts to the DAG Level

By default, email alerts configured via the `email_on_failure` param ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/models/baseoperator.py)) are handled at the task level. If a handful of your tasks fail for related reasons, you'll receive an individual email for each of those failures.

If you want to limit failure alerts to the DAG run level, you can instead set up your alerts using the `on_failure_callback` param ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/v1-10-stable/airflow/models/dag.py#L167)). When you pass `on_failure_callback` directly in your DAG file, it defines a Python function that sends you one email per DAG failure, rather than multiple emails for each task that fails:

```
 :param on_failure_callback: A function to be called when a DagRun of this dag fails.
 ```

The code in your DAG might look something like this ([source](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/v1-10-stable/airflow/utils/email.py#L41)):

 ```
 from airflow.models.email import send_email

def new_email_alert(self, **kwargs):

>   title = "TEST MESSAGE: THIS IS A MODIFIED TEST"

Reviewer 2: Python is normally indented by 4 spaces, so we should make sure the markdown rendered view shows 4 spaces of indentation. It currently shows one space of indentation.

Author: Sounds good! Updated the code sample below.

  body = ("This is the text "
                "That appears in the email body..<br>")
  send_email('my_email@email.com', title, body)
  ```

> ## Subscribe to Deployment Alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Subscribe to Deployment Alerts on Astronomer
```

Author: Resolved in a separate commit (made links to title consistent elsewhere)

> In Astronomer’s UI, you can subscribe to deployment-level alerts in the `Alerts` tab. These alerts tell you how your deployments are performing across the entire platform. For instance, it might tell you whether the scheduler is healthy, or whether tasks are failing at an abnormal rate. Alerts appear in the Notifications tab of Astronomer’s UI.

Reviewer: This has changed! Alerts are now in **Deployment** > **Settings** > **Email Alerts**

I would add a screenshot - 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31111752/99735638-f5102580-2a92-11eb-9650-ef678fd70c5d.png)

Author: Added a screen shot and updated the text to be accurate!

### List of All Astronomer Airflow Deployment Alerts

| Alert | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |

> | `AirflowDeploymentUnhealthy` | Airflow deployment is unhealthy or not completely available. |

Reviewer 2: I've noticed that our tables are messily formatted. It would be great if we could enforce a formatting of the tables, which is possible if we add the `prettier` pre-commit hook. If this is something we want to do I can do this in a separate PR because it'll cause a huge number of other markdown formatting changes (272 files changed, which could save us a LOT of manual formatting work). Otherwise, let's clean these up manually or by using some other markdown formatter like a vscode plugin or whatever.

Reviewer: @danielhoherd Yes, I totally agree - I've run into that problem a few times and tbh didn't quite know how to best approach it. If you're familiar with the `prettier` pre-commit hook, I'm down to try it? Or a VSCode plugin as well.

@jwitz Maybe you know of something? Will defer to you both!

Author: I added a prettier plugin to Atom which runs every time I save a document. I think it looks better now!
<img width="878" alt="Screen Shot 2020-11-20 at 10 56 49 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/99833355-17e81b80-2b1f-11eb-8bc2-bb63bf5bf2ca.png">

| `AirflowFailureRate` | Airflow tasks are failing at a higher rate than normal. |
| `AirflowSchedulerUnhealthy` | Airflow scheduler is unhealthy: heartbeat has dropped below the acceptable rate. |
| `AirflowPodQuota` | Deployment is near its pod quota: it’s been using over 95% of it's pod quota for over 10 minutes. |
| `AirflowCPUQuota` | Deployment is near its CPU quota: it’s been using over 95% of it's CPU quota for over 10 minutes. |
| `AirflowMemoryQuota` | Deployment is near its memory quota: it’s been using over 95% of it's memory quota for over 10 minutes. |

### Anatomy of a Deployment Alert

> When you subscribe to the AirflowSchedulerUnhealthy Alert in Astronomer’s UI, an alert checks to see if the scheduler is heartbeating every 5 seconds. If the scheduler stops heartbeating for more than 3 minutes, the alert is triggered:

Reviewer: A bit weird phrasing here - the alert itself doesn't "check", but it "fires" if x thing happens. I don't mind the OG description here? Feel free to play with it though

Author: Yeah, I think I was operating on some pre-hire misunderstandings here. Reverted to the OG wording.

        description: "The {{ $labels.deployment }} scheduler's heartbeat has dropped below the acceptable rate."
```

The full PQL ([Prometheus Query Language](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics/)) for how all these alerts are triggered can be found in our [helm charts](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart).

> **Need to customize an alert?** Customers with Enterprise-level Astronomer can modify any Astronomer-released alert according to their organization’s needs.

Reviewer: Oh! We can delete this, since this doc is Cloud-only now. The stuff for Enterprise doc is still relevant, though we might want to chat about how we want to handle that.

In a recent Astro release, we added the ability for Enterprise users to customize Prometheus alerts - https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/1764

Author: Removed the Prometheus stuff. Yeah, let's talk about what language we want to use when referencing Enterprise stuff in Cloud docs. Probably a discussion that extends beyond this doc.

        description: "The {{ $labels.deployment }} scheduler's heartbeat has dropped below the acceptable rate."
```

> **Need to customize an alert?** Customers with Enterprise-level Astronomer can modify any Astronomer-released alert according to their organization's needs.

Reviewer: Again, I'd remove this! No need to include Enterprise here I don't think.

Author: Ahh got it, misunderstood your previous comment.
